Fix secret saving behaviour in SecretWidget (#26143)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/fifty-maps-drive.md

---

> '@backstage/plugin-scaffolder-react': major

Reviewer: Don't think we need to say that this is a `major` change though, but we can update the wording in a the changeset a little. It's a bugfix as the behaviour was wrong before I'm thinking.

```suggestion
'@backstage/plugin-scaffolder-react': patch
```

---

> **BREAKING**: Fixed a [wrong behaviour in `SecretWidget`](https://github.com/backstage/backstage/issues/25966) where secrets are saved using the field name instead of the proper path in the formData.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a [wrong behaviour in `SecretWidget`](https://github.com/backstage/backstage/issues/25966) where secrets are saved using the field name instead of the proper path in the `formData`. If you were using nested `SecretFields` they will now be on the correct nested value.
```
